[All hosts] (unified manifest) Document recommendation for labels (#4672)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/create-addin-commands-unified-manifest.md

1. Ensure that the "groups" array has an object to define the custom control group that will hold your add-in command UI controls. The following is an example. Note the following about this JSON:

    - The "id" must be unique across all groups in all ribbon objects in the manifest. Maximum length is 64 characters.

>     - The "label" appears on the group on the ribbon. Although its maximum length is 64 characters, to ensure that the control group fits correctly in the ribbon, it's recommended to limit the "label" to 16 characters.

Reviewer: As per style guide:

```suggestion
    - The "label" appears on the group on the ribbon. Although its maximum length is 64 characters, to ensure that the control group fits correctly in the ribbon, we recommend that you limit the "label" to 16 characters.
```

1. Ensure that the "groups" array has an object to define the custom control group that will hold your add-in command UI controls. The following is an example. Note the following about this JSON:

    - The "id" must be unique across all groups in all ribbon objects in the manifest. Maximum length is 64 characters.

>     - The "label" appears on the group on the ribbon. Although its maximum length is 64 characters, to ensure that the control group fits correctly in the ribbon, it's recommended to limit the "label" to 16 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The "label" appears on the group on the ribbon. Although its maximum length is 64 characters, to ensure that the control group fits correctly in the ribbon, we recommend that you limit the "label" to 16 characters.
```

1. Ensure that the "groups" array has an object to define the custom control group that will hold your drop down menu control. The following is an example. Note the following about this JSON:

    - The "id" must be unique across all groups in all ribbon objects in the manifest. Maximum length is 64 characters.

>     - The "label" appears on the group on the ribbon. Although its maximum length is 64 characters, to ensure that the control group fits correctly in the ribbon, it's recommended to limit the "label" to 16 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The "label" appears on the group on the ribbon. Although its maximum length is 64 characters, to ensure that the control group fits correctly in the ribbon, we recommend that you limit the "label" to 16 characters.
```
